Add SAP Testing feature Documentation (#50)
ing-bank/ingenious-doc: docs/sapTesting/sap.md

# **Working with SAP**
--------------------------------

## Create your first SAP Test

Follow the steps below to create an SAP-based test case in INGenious.

> * Click on the Configuration icon ![browserConfig](../img/toolui/BrowserConfiguration.png "browserConfig")

Reviewer: Use the updated Config icon

Author: updated

Reviewer: Change accepted

* Inside the **Manage Browser** tab, enter the name of the **SAP Configuration** you want to create, in the `Browser` textbox and hit ++enter++

* Inside new browser config, set your SAP connection details:
	* `app` - is the path to your SAP GUI logon application
	* `libraryPath` - is the path to your JACOB library
	* `dllPath`- is the path to your JACOB DLL file
	* `connectionName` - is the connection name for your SAP connection

> 	* `platformName` - is the platform of SAP GUI

Reviewer: Do we have accepted values only? Maybe we can add those accepted values or example here.

Author: updated

Author: updated

Reviewer: Change accepted

![sapConfig](../img/sap/sap-sample-config.png "SAP Config Example"){ width=35% }

* Click on **Save** button to save your SAP Configuration.

> **Note:** Make sure you have the correct SAP connection details from your SAP GUI.

---------------------------     

## Write Tests

* Head over to the **Design Pane** of INGenious

> * Create **Objects** in the SAP Object Repository with appropriate attributes like `id`, `name` and `Text`. These can easily be captured using **SAP Sripting Tracker Tool**

Reviewer: Can you add the SAP OR icon here?

Author: updated

Reviewer: Change accepted

# **Working with SAP**

> --------------------------------

Reviewer 2: can we add section for `What is SAP Testing` and `How does INGenious perform SAP Tests?` Please see other testing pages for reference.

Author: updated

# **SAP Testing**
-----------------------------

!!! info "What is SAP Testing?"
	SAP Testing is the process of validating business processes and workflows in SAP GUI applications to ensure they work as intended. Automated SAP Testing helps catch issues early, improves reliability, and accelerates delivery of SAP-based solutions.

-----------------------------------

!!! abstract "How does INGenious perform SAP Testing?"

	INGenious automates SAP GUI testing by driving the SAP GUI client using Java and the JACOB (Java COM Bridge) library. It interacts with SAP GUI elements, performs actions (like fill, click, select), and validates results just as a user would. 

    - The framework supports:
        - Automated login and navigation
        - Data entry and extraction
        - Validation of SAP screen values and business rules
        - Integration of SAP steps in a single test

-----------------------------------

## Set up SAP Configuration

Follow the steps below to create an SAP-based test case in INGenious.

> * Click on the Configuration icon <img src="/img/toolui/BrowserConfiguration3.0.png" alt="SAPConfig" width="30px" style="vertical-align:middle" />

Reviewer: Remove 3.0. This has been updated in the release branch already. https://github.com/ing-bank/ingenious-doc/blob/release/3.0/docs/img/toolui/BrowserConfiguration.png
```suggestion
* Click on the Configuration icon <img src="/img/toolui/BrowserConfiguration.png" alt="SAPConfig" width="30px" style="vertical-align:middle" />
```

Author: done
